Master is not good.
My dad knew he wanted to buy this company.
Let you come back right away
So I'll go back a little bit.
I can handle it.
Don t worry about working for good.
He's a bit of a loser though.
But it's really good for me.
I won't let him down.
Dad, what are you looking for?
I heard you bought a gaming company for $1.5 billion.
Yes, it's a game company with limitless potential.
Infinite potential
I heard you.
That company's been losing money for years, Dad.
If he doesn't keep losing
How could I buy him for 1.5 billion dollars?
Don t worry, it won t take long for him to make money.
How can this constantly losing company make money?
And only you idiots can buy and sell for 1.5 billion.
You clearly desire the beauty of the world.
Use power for personal gain.
So Qin Yu Feng
Let's make a bet.
What is a bet?
Bet me within a month.
Can you get 1.5 billion back?
This guy's crazy.
A company loses money for many years in a row.
How can you earn 1.5 billion in a month?